This semester in Data Sciece, the topics challenged students to explore how computing and technology can impact the world, with a unique focus on creative problem solving and real-world applications. We covered topics such as data manipulation and analysis using the Pandas package, data visualization using the Matplotlib package, web scraping, and more advanced data structures. Project-oriented group assignments were a large component of the course.

Allison, this semester, you were strong in learning indicator 2: "Understand and be able to use a variety of data types, control structures, and algorithmic problem-solving techniques in their programming", and learning indicator 4: "Express creativity using coding and technology in a variety of contexts". You demonstrated these strengths in the Unit 3 Problem Set and Partner Problem Set. Good job! You should be proud of your hard work.

Allison, some areas of growth for you in the next semester include learning indicator 3: "Design, document, implement and test solutions to programming problems", as well as learning indicator 8: "Complete assignments on time". Moving forward, I encourage you to reach out to me during office hours or through email to communicate with me if you are needing help with assignments.

Allison, you recieved test scores of 100, 90, and 79 for an average score of 89 across the three units. You struggled in the following units: U3. Come meet with me if you feel you still need support on these topics. Allison, I have noticed that your grades within the units have been decreasing. I'd love to see improvement moving forward. Please reach out to me for support. For the work you have shown in this class, you recieve a grade of B+. This shows that you have gained proficient understanding of the material. Great work! Allison, it has been a pleasure working with you this semester and look forward to more in the future! You'll have the opportunity to come up with some original ideas for some games and then work with a team to code these ideas into reality.